https://codepen.io/collerhatguy/pen/eYvyXWx 
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic HTML are tags that have meaning that seo and screen raders can infer by there nature
    and that allude to tthe content of the HTML.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to give form to the text of a website so that bits and pieces can be selected in
    css and javascript at will. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a property of an html tag that is defined in between the arrow brackets
    of the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is the most important header that defines the webpage itself. You should exclusively have one.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    the image and anchor tags both require a src or href attribute

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    we put the link to our css and javascript code as well as our wbsite title.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a unique atribute given to an html tags used for selecting it in javascript and css

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any element can be given an id except for those that go in the head element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a property given to html elements that can be given to multiple elements at once
    and is also used for selection.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any excepth those within the head.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    guve the anchor an target of "_blank".

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    the alt is use to describe and replace the image if the href given returns an error.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    in css place a # followed by the text given in html.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic while a div gives no reference to its contents.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Css is primarily for asthetically detailing a website.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    write "h2" followed by curly brackets and define any properties within the curly brackets.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An element can have multiple classes but only one id. the id names connot be repeated with other 
    html elements either, although class names can. classes may be use for chunks of html that should all have similar properties.
    ids are for html thats supposed to have unique looks.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    write a "." followed by the classname written in html.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent child selector is when we select elements that are within certain other elements.
    its very handy for when tags are repeated in multiple containers but still should look
    differnet.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a psuedo selector is a methid for styling elements once certain actions have been done 
    to them like the user clicking or hovering over them.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    the "line-height" property in css.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    the "line-spacing" property in css.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    the "text-transform" property in css.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    the star "*" symbol in css selects everything universally

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
    /* comment goes here */
    (typing command + k + c in vs code will create a comment regardless of file type)

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    the name of the file will be to the left of where your input is.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    type ls and a list will appear.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    type rm fileName and the file will be deleted. There is no prompt asking whether you are sure
    about deleting the file.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so that multiple people can work on the same project at once and so one person can
    work on multiple features at once without either getting in each others way.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or whenver your program runs without crashing.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. we fork a repository from lambda git
        2. we copy the url of our forked repository
        3. we clone the repository we forked onto our systems
        4. we created a branch named after ourselves and push that to our repository
        5. we make changes to our project untill its complete
        6. we push our work to the afformentioned forked repository
        7. we make a pull reqest with the original lambda repository


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements share horizontal space whith each outher where block elements
    get their own chunk on the y axis.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it is placed above the other elements and is not forced to move based on the size
    or margins of othe elements.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    you can use the min-width and max-width properties in css.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block:
        1. div
        2. h1
        3. p
    inline:
        1. span 
        2. a
    inline-block:
        1. img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box-model gives every element a border, margin, and padding. padding is the space betwwen the inner text
    and the border and is colored by the background property. the border is in between the margin and padding and 
    by default is not defined. the margin defines the space between the element and other elements.
